docs: add bitbucket and split out the getting started page (#27)
infracost/docs: docs/environment_variables.md

---
slug: /environment_variables
title: Environment variables
---

> Infracost refers to a number of environment variables to customize various aspects of its behavior; these can be particuarly useful in [CI/CD integrations](integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infracost uses a number of environment variables to customize various aspects of its behavior; these can be particularly useful in [CI/CD integrations](integrations).
```

### INFRACOST_API_KEY
Infracost API key, run `infracost register` to get one.

### INFRACOST_LOG_LEVEL
Can be set to `warn` in CI/CD systems to reduce noise, or `debug` to troubleshoot.

### INFRACOST_SKIP_UPDATE_CHECK
Set to `true` to skip the Infracost update check; can be useful in CI/CD systems. Be sure to upgrade regularly as we continually add new resources to Infracost.

### TERRAFORM_BINARY
Used to change the path to the `terraform` binary:
  ```sh
  TERRAFORM_BINARY=~/bin/terraform_0.13 infracost --tfdir /path/to/code

>   ```

Reviewer: Do we want to add a terragrunt example here?
